In order to actually change the lay out with a screen says we need to create a media where are you going
to say media screen here and I'm going to say and I know this is going to be mine with all here.
And for the men with we would want 768.
So we're going to say 768 pixels here first what I would want is I would want to start working with
an app.
So I'm going to say we are now have and like I said since we're here now.
Now is this played like this.
So you can see that we have one element and the second one.
Now I would want a display flex so I'm going this display and we're going to say flex and now in this
video we're going to be switching back and forth a lot because I think this is going to be probably
the most complicated section actually.
So once I say it you can say this is what I have.
So I have a few things going on right now they're actually sitting all side by side like this.
So this is obviously not something that we want.
So first I don't want to get rid of this mortar here here for the header and also want to get rid of
this button.
So I'm going to go back over here and if I'm just going to say we're here like this then I want a nav
header here.
I don't know we're going to save water and we're none on here like this.
And also what I would want is a nav between and display of none like this.
So if I'm going to go back over here and if I am saved if this is what we have now honestly this is
not going to be working great either.
We do actually have a few things.
So the first one is actually going to be a border bottom and then we're going to do a flex ramp once
we're actually wrapping the elements.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to see if we're to have want a flex and it's a wrap
and we're going to be wrapping then also what I would want is a border bottom border bottom and for
the border bottom we're going to have 0.5 RPMs solid and voire.
And this is going to be dark.
So pretty much the color we already used before.
So we're going to go back over here.
Now I actually should have my car now once we actually have the border and we got rid of the button.
Now we will want to work with the next.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to stay like this.
So first one out one for now links and have links and for the links we would want first a background.
And we're going to say we're here background transparent.
So we want them transparent.
However remember when we set the height of 0 0 0 here and only the bottom could change it to 88.
Now with a bigger screen let's do it like this let's say height and let's put it to auto on here.
So once I say it you can see right now all of them are showing right away.
So next what I would want is I would want to set this UL so on or list as a flex burn and actually display
them flex like this.
Because right now we have the flex box.
However we will want to display the actual child and created the parent.
So as you can see or hear these are the properties.
As a child because again this is going to be the child of Nav. of parent of the flags box.
However we can also set the properties as a parent.
So we're going to say we're here then we would want to set it as a parent.
Now the last one as a child what we would want is a flex here 1 0.
So grow as much as you have to shrink don't shrink and the base is going to be auto.
So what I'm saying here is since I know that I'm going to be setting them has a flex neuro how one does
actual logo to take as little space as possible.
So that's what I'm seeing or hear stickle here and the actual nav links is going to take the rest of
the space.
So I'm going to go back here and I'm going to say that now as a parent as a parent parent now what we
would want as a parent.
Now we're going to say first that we would want is this play flex.
So check it out and we have Sure enough now I can see that I have my looks.
Now also I would want is a flex up so I would be able to wrapping.
So Flex wrap and wrap so if there's not going to be enough screen size we're going to be wrapping we're
going to do just content space around them is going to be another one.
Now I also want to line them up with an image see or hear the actual logo is better.
And the links on top.
So I'm going to say we're here on line self.
We're going to do a center here.
So once I serve it sure enough now I can see my links are in actually the center.
And also what I would want is to work more here with this hovering and in general with these links.
All right.
So may go back here and let's say we're here like this.
Now I have saying no I don't we're going to call this link.
Now what I would want for the single link first I would want background transparent like this.
Then I would want flex since these are children right now for on a list and I'm going to say one so
grow as much as you have to.
Don't shrink zero.
We're going to set it a 100 pixels on here.
So again we're a service here this is what we're.
Now let's get rid of all this padding because as you can see or hear this doesn't look very good if
it's actually going left and right now I mean if you want to you can actually keep it here this is what
you like but I'm just going to get rid of it.
So here I'm going to say I like this.
We're going to say more have and link over here a single link and however.
So what should happen as we're hovering padding or here left.
And remember when we had the padding we set the padding for one left and right.
So we're going to do all here would you say padding left is also going to be one.
So basically it's not changing color and the color let's change the color to voire.
And I know we're going to say dark really this.
So let me just say this.
And as you can see as I'm hovering the color is going to be changing and dark but there's not going
to be any movement.
So this is how we can actually change and have more in our flex box project.
And as you can see or hear it doesn't have enough space.
So actually since the knife is a flex box pen you can see that it's wrapping on a new line or where
once it gets to the small screen now you can just click the button.
And now we have our Lynx ready to go.